README.md, before:

# strapi-starter-to-customize

👉 This repo is to be used as boilerplate code.

Its purpose is for creating and customizing a [strapi starter](https://strapi.io/blog/announcing-the-strapi-starter-cli) for your dev team.

(Please see benefits of strapi starters in [this video series](https://strapi.training/videos/intro-to-auxiliary-benefits-to-strapi-starters), which goes over auxiliary benefits like: R&D, prototyping, and proofs of concept.)

# Customization Instructions

👉 For instructions on how to use this repo, please refer to this video (video link coming soon).

The video contains instructions on how to create & customize your dev team's very own strapi starter!  🙌

The video also includes easy-to-access chapters and makes use of [kinesthetic learning style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinesthetic_learning) by providing pause screens for hands-on exercises that keep up with the video content.

# Supplement: Minimum Reqs for Any Strapi Starter
To supplement the instructional video (video link coming soon) (referenced above) and to help you create and customize a strapi starter for you dev team, I've included the minimum requirements for any strapi starter are listed [here](minimum-requirements-for-a-strapi-starter.md).

Includes a checklist to use for when you are customizing a strapi starter for your dev team. 🙌

# Misc Notes
* Credit: The code in the `starter` folder was modified, but initially generated with [Express Generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-generator).
* Although, this repo is meant to be used as boilerplate code, it can be used as strapi starter, in and of itself.  E.g. 👇

```
yarn create strapi-starter <your_strapi_starter_app_name> strapi-training/to-customize
```

Commit message:

Add video series, reference tweet.

README.md, after:

# strapi-starter-to-customize

👉 This repo is to be used as boilerplate code.

Its purpose is for creating and customizing a [strapi starter](https://strapi.io/blog/announcing-the-strapi-starter-cli) for your dev team.

ℹ️  There is a companion, strapi training, [video series](https://twitter.com/monico_moreno/status/1386834033179602946) with which this repo corresponds.

(Please see benefits of strapi starters in [this video series](https://strapi.training/videos/intro-to-auxiliary-benefits-to-strapi-starters), which goes over auxiliary benefits like: R&D, prototyping, and proofs of concept.)

# Customization Instructions

👉 For instructions on how to use this repo, please refer to this video (video link coming soon).

The video contains instructions on how to create & customize your dev team's very own strapi starter!  🙌

The video also includes easy-to-access chapters and makes use of [kinesthetic learning style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinesthetic_learning) by providing pause screens for hands-on exercises that keep up with the video content.

# Supplement: Minimum Reqs for Any Strapi Starter
To supplement the instructional video (video link coming soon) (referenced above) and to help you create and customize a strapi starter for you dev team, I've included the minimum requirements for any strapi starter are listed [here](minimum-requirements-for-a-strapi-starter.md).

Includes a checklist to use for when you are customizing a strapi starter for your dev team. 🙌

# Misc Notes
* Credit: The code in the `starter` folder was modified, but initially generated with [Express Generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-generator).
* Although, this repo is meant to be used as boilerplate code, it can be used as strapi starter, in and of itself.  E.g. 👇

```
yarn create strapi-starter <your_strapi_starter_app_name> strapi-training/to-customize
```
